## 一单元

- ITS---Intelligent Transport Systems -- is a generic term for the integrated application of communications, control and information processing technologies to the transportation system.

  

----

- The overall function of ITS is to improve decision making, often in real time, by transport network controllers and other users, thereby improving the operation of the entire transport system.



----

- Data generated by ITS may provide real-time information about current conditions on a network, or on-line information for journey planning, enabling highway authorities and agencies, road operators, public and commercial transport provides and individual travelers to make better informed, safer, more coordinated and more "intelligent" decisions or "smarter" use of networks.



----

- They can deliver sustained reductions in both the numbers and severity of accidents, by alerting travelers to dangerous conditions and situations, and, if necessary, intervening in the driving task.



----

- These are databases of road and transportation networks stored on digital media using **agreed data dictionaries** and standardized location referencing. Digital maps are a key building block for ITS.



## 二单元

- Even with all the differing disciplines of engineering, commonality exists between the personalities of those who work in the field.



-----

- Engineers are problem solvers. They are the people who figure out how to make your smartphone smaller, laptop faster and car more fuel-efficient.

  

----

- Engineers must be resourceful. They must rely upon the concepts they learned in school or other training programs. They must refer to textbooks or engineering guides **to better understand the concepts related to the problem they are solving.**

  

----

- Most engineers you encounter are highly inquisitive. Engineers are often fascinated by how things work and the science behind the operation.

  

----

- A simple package of coffee beans, for example, may require five engineers to design the package, test the performance and manufacture the final product. A complex product like a laptop computer could require hundreds of thousands of engineers to support the development.

  

## 三单元

- The Golden Gate Bridge is a suspension bridge spanning the Golden Gate Strait, the mile-wide, three-mile-long channel between San Francisco Bay and the Pacific Ocean.

  

----

- The final graceful suspension design was conceived and championed by New York's Manhattan bridge designer Leon Moisseiff.

  

-----

- Irving Morrow, a relatively unknown residential architect, designed the overall shape of the bridge towers, the lighting scheme, and Art Deco elements such as the tower decorations, streetlights, railing, and walkways.

  

----

- Moisseiff produced the basic structural design, introducing his "deflection theory" by which a thin, flexible roadway would flex in the wind, greatly reducing stress by transmitting forces via suspension cables to the bridge towers.

  

----

- With an eye toward self-promotion and posterity, Strauss downplayed the contributions of his collaborators who, despite receiving little recognition or compensation, are largely responsible for the final form of the bridge.

  

----

## 四单元

- Urban rail transit is an all-encompassing term for various types of local rail systems providing passenger service within and around urban or suburban ares.

  

----

- The set of urban rail systems can be roughly subdivided into the following categories, which sometimes overlap because some systems or lines have aspects of each.

  

----

- A light rail system is a rail-based transit system that has higher capacity and speed than a tram, but is not fully grade-separated like rapid transit.

  

----

- In most cases rail is elevated, but monorails can also run at grade, below grade or in subway tunnels.

  

----

- A funicular, also known as an inclined plane or cliff railway, is a cable railway in which a cable attached to a pair of tram-like vehicles on rails moves them up and down a steep slope; the ascending and descending vehicles counterbalance each other.